Vwrs configuration section (#1199)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/photoniq/vwrs/02-get-started-vwrs/index.md

---
title: Quickstart
---

The Macrometa PhotonIQ Virtual Waiting Room service (VWRs) offers extensive features to manage high-traffic volumes on websites and applications during peak periods like discounts and holiday sales. By implementing VWRs for their websites, businesses can ensure server stability, thus preventing server overload and potential downtime, ensuring service availability and user satisfaction. 

> PhotonIQ offers two ways to create and use your website's virtual waiting room service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PhotonIQ offers two ways to create and manage your website's virtual waiting room service.
```

Let's create our first virtual waiting room service with the VWRs GUI to get started.

## Objectives

This quickstart will guide you through:

- Creating and configuring your first VWR with the PhotonIQ VWRS GUI
- Configuring additional waiting room details
- Monitoring and observing the performance of the VWR

## Creating your Virtual Waiting Room

### Steps

To create a waiting room:

1. Login to the VWRS GUI with your Macrometa credentials. Macrometa provides these credentials after you sign up for the service. 
1. Click **Waiting Rooms** from the top nav bar.
1. Click **New Waiting Room**. This opens a pop-up section to enter the following details to set up your virtual waiting room.

> - **waitingroom_name:** The name of the waiting room. Names should be without spaces. Replace spaces with hyphens or dashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **waitingroom_name:** The name of the waiting room should not contain spaces. 
```

- **waitingroom_url:** The URL that the waiting room needs to sit in front of. All subpaths of this URL are sent to this defined waiting room. For example, /checkout/path1 and /checkout/path2 are both sent to the /checkout waiting room
- **access_type:** The access type defines how the rate limit should be calculated. Different options include:
    - **users:** 

>         - The metric service counts the number of unique user requests every second. These are identified by a request ID stored in the encrypted cookie (vwrs-session).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The metric service counts the number of unique user requests every second. ```
